proxy stats matcher (#2178)
kyma-project/istio: docs/release-notes/1.30.0.md

## Enhancements

> - Added support for `proxyStatsMatcher` in the Istio CR, allowing you to configure which proxy stats are emitted by Istio sidecars and gateways using inclusion regular expressions. See [#2178](https://github.com/kyma-project/istio/pull/2178)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- You can now configure **proxyStatsMatcher** in the Istio custom resource. It allows you to define which proxy statistics are emitted by Istio sidecars and gateways using inclusion regular expressions. See [#2178](https://github.com/kyma-project/istio/pull/2178).
```
